Definition of your audience
 New & existing clients of Merle Norman Cosmetics & Wigs

Definition statement (I want to create a web application that...) for your project
  I am creating a web application that allows new and existing customers of Merle Norman Cosmetics & Wigs to conveniently access content and information.
  Customers will be able to learn more information about the brand and what all we have to offer. They will be able to schedule appointments, 
  create shopping lists, order products for curbside/mailorder and more. I would like to create a blog area that can be updated regularly to share the
  latest trends in products and color along with tutorials and education materials. I would like to put an emphasis on a section specific to wigs. Here I will 
  create an explaination of the products offered along with a maintentaince tutorial and how to care for your new wig once taken home. I would also like
  to include resources and information to direct clients to the American Cancer Society, along with information in regaurds to getting insurance coverage. 
  
  
High level story (elevator pitch)
  Hello my name is Brooklynn McDade. I am a licensed cosmetologist of 5 years and have been working in the beauty industry for the past 8 years managing
  my mother's cosmetic and wig business. I was introduced to the ux/ui realm through a couple of friends who are successfully working in the field for 
  Walmart and Pelloton. When I heard about the Savvy Coders 12 week program right here in my own back yard, I decided to jump right in. I have always 
  considered myself an artist and find the most joy when working creatively. In my current field of work, I take pride in visually mmerchandising our 
  selection of products along with creating digital advertisments to entice our clients in. 
  
  For my Capstone project it only made since to use my new tools to help build a website for my families Merle Norman & wig store. We currently do not have a 
  website and given the opportunity that I get to be not only be the developer but also the client, meant that I had total creative control. My website will
  allow new and existing customers to be able to learn more information about our brand and what we have to offer. They will be able to schedule appointments, 
  create shopping lists, order products for curbside/mailorder and more. Through a blog section they can learn the latest cosmetic trends along with
  education on wigs and haircare. I have also chosen to include resources and information to direct clients to the American Cancer Society, as well as
  information regaurding insurance coverage for medical hairloss patients. Having an online platform will help to make the resources we provide more conscious 
  for our client to navigate, along with making our day to day workflow easier with less phone calls and questions regarding general information & scheduling.
  Online ordering will make us more accessible to our consumers and help us to further reach a bigger audience. Given the current state of the
  climate with Covid, it is important that now, more than ever, we adapt our retail business to continue to try and find new ways to serve and meet the 
  needs of our customers. 
  
  
Outline of the content
  
  
User Flow
  
  
Wireframes (1 wireframe per page minimum, hand-drawn is ok!)

